[OSDOCS#16961]: AUTH-3: Roles, Security Contexts, and Access Policies-CQA-1 (#115746)
openshift/openshift-docs: authentication/understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission"]
= Understanding and managing pod security admission

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can configure pod security admission to enforce the Kubernetes pod security standards. This enforcement can be applied at both the global and namespace level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure pod security admission to enforce the Kubernetes pod security standards. You can apply this enforcement at both the global and namespace levels.
```

[id="additional-resources_managing-pod-security-admission"]
== Additional resources

> * link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission[Kubernetes pod security admission]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission[Pod Security Admission (Kubernetes documentation]
```

Do for other links

Reviewer: Match caps with direct links.
